c:\users\michaeldobler\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVCApp\MVCApp_Phase1.UnitTest\bin\Debug\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\michaeldobler\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVCApp\MVCApp_Phase1.UnitTest\bin\Debug\MVCApp_Phase1.UnitTest.dll
c:\users\michaeldobler\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVCApp\MVCApp_Phase1.UnitTest\bin\Debug\MVCApp_Phase1.UnitTest.pdb
c:\users\michaeldobler\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVCApp\MVCApp_Phase1.UnitTest\bin\Debug\MVCApp_Phase1.UnitTest.xml
c:\users\michaeldobler\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVCApp\MVCApp_Phase1.UnitTest\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTestFramework.dll
c:\users\michaeldobler\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVCApp\MVCApp_Phase1.UnitTest\bin\Debug\MVCApp_Phase1.dll
c:\users\michaeldobler\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVCApp\MVCApp_Phase1.UnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\michaeldobler\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVCApp\MVCApp_Phase1.UnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\michaeldobler\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVCApp\MVCApp_Phase1.UnitTest\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\michaeldobler\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVCApp\MVCApp_Phase1.UnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\michaeldobler\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVCApp\MVCApp_Phase1.UnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\michaeldobler\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVCApp\MVCApp_Phase1.UnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\michaeldobler\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVCApp\MVCApp_Phase1.UnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\michaeldobler\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVCApp\MVCApp_Phase1.UnitTest\bin\Debug\MVCApp_Phase1.pdb
c:\users\michaeldobler\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVCApp\MVCApp_Phase1.UnitTest\bin\Debug\MVCApp_Phase1.xml
c:\users\michaeldobler\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVCApp\MVCApp_Phase1.UnitTest\bin\Debug\MVCApp_Phase1.dll.config
c:\users\michaeldobler\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVCApp\MVCApp_Phase1.UnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\michaeldobler\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVCApp\MVCApp_Phase1.UnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\michaeldobler\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVCApp\MVCApp_Phase1.UnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\michaeldobler\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVCApp\MVCApp_Phase1.UnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\michaeldobler\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVCApp\MVCApp_Phase1.UnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\michaeldobler\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVCApp\MVCApp_Phase1.UnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\michaeldobler\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVCApp\MVCApp_Phase1.UnitTest\obj\Debug\MVCApp_Phase1.UnitTest.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\michaeldobler\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVCApp\MVCApp_Phase1.UnitTest\obj\Debug\MVCApp_Phase1.UnitTest.Resources.resources
c:\users\michaeldobler\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVCApp\MVCApp_Phase1.UnitTest\obj\Debug\MVCApp_Phase1.UnitTest.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\michaeldobler\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVCApp\MVCApp_Phase1.UnitTest\obj\Debug\MVCApp_Phase1.UnitTest.dll
c:\users\michaeldobler\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVCApp\MVCApp_Phase1.UnitTest\obj\Debug\MVCApp_Phase1.UnitTest.xml
c:\users\michaeldobler\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVCApp\MVCApp_Phase1.UnitTest\obj\Debug\MVCApp_Phase1.UnitTest.pdb
c:\users\michaeldobler\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVCApp\MVCApp_Phase1.UnitTest\bin\Debug\MVCApp_Phase1.UnitTest.dll.config
c:\users\michaeldobler\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVCApp\MVCApp_Phase1.UnitTest\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\michaeldobler\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVCApp\MVCApp_Phase1.UnitTest\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe.config
c:\users\michaeldobler\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVCApp\MVCApp_Phase1.UnitTest\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.rsp
c:\users\michaeldobler\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVCApp\MVCApp_Phase1.UnitTest\bin\Debug\roslyn\csi.exe
c:\users\michaeldobler\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVCApp\MVCApp_Phase1.UnitTest\bin\Debug\roslyn\csi.rsp
c:\users\michaeldobler\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVCApp\MVCApp_Phase1.UnitTest\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\michaeldobler\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVCApp\MVCApp_Phase1.UnitTest\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\michaeldobler\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVCApp\MVCApp_Phase1.UnitTest\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
c:\users\michaeldobler\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVCApp\MVCApp_Phase1.UnitTest\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\michaeldobler\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVCApp\MVCApp_Phase1.UnitTest\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
c:\users\michaeldobler\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVCApp\MVCApp_Phase1.UnitTest\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\michaeldobler\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVCApp\MVCApp_Phase1.UnitTest\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\michaeldobler\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVCApp\MVCApp_Phase1.UnitTest\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
c:\users\michaeldobler\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVCApp\MVCApp_Phase1.UnitTest\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
c:\users\michaeldobler\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVCApp\MVCApp_Phase1.UnitTest\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\michaeldobler\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVCApp\MVCApp_Phase1.UnitTest\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
c:\users\michaeldobler\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVCApp\MVCApp_Phase1.UnitTest\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\michaeldobler\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVCApp\MVCApp_Phase1.UnitTest\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
c:\users\michaeldobler\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVCApp\MVCApp_Phase1.UnitTest\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
c:\users\michaeldobler\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVCApp\MVCApp_Phase1.UnitTest\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
c:\users\michaeldobler\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVCApp\MVCApp_Phase1.UnitTest\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\michaeldobler\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVCApp\MVCApp_Phase1.UnitTest\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\michaeldobler\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVCApp\MVCApp_Phase1.UnitTest\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
c:\users\michaeldobler\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVCApp\MVCApp_Phase1.UnitTest\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.rsp
c:\users\michaeldobler\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVCApp\MVCApp_Phase1.UnitTest\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\michaeldobler\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVCApp\MVCApp_Phase1.UnitTest\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
